one thing to keep in mind is if someone
argues that there could be Realms out
there that are inexplicable to us but
explicable either to super intelligent
aliens
or to super intelligent
artificial intelligence
then what they're saying is that there
are realms
regions of the universe laws of physics
that essentially are as
inexplicable to us
as a supernatural being would be
and so the argument is precisely the
same
instead of having God being the thing
that cannot be explained by the human
mind you're just replacing your
Supernatural god with a supernatural
alien or a supernatural technology
they're serving exactly the same
function they're arguing that certain
things can't be understood by human
beings